Fixed links to ModuleFrontController.php (#1208)
PrestaShop/docs: modules/concepts/controllers/front-controllers.md

## Available properties

> The controllers added in a module extend [`ModuleFrontController`](https://github.com/PrestaShop/PrestaShop/blob/1.7.8.0/classes/controller/ModuleFrontController.php), itself extending [`FrontController`](https://github.com/PrestaShop/PrestaShop/blob/1.7.8.0/classes/controller/FrontController.php) & [`Controller`](https://github.com/PrestaShop/PrestaShop/blob/1.7.8.0/classes/controller/Controller.php).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The controllers added in a module extend [`ModuleFrontController`](https://github.com/PrestaShop/PrestaShop/blob/develop/classes/controller/ModuleFrontController.php), itself extending [`FrontController`](https://github.com/PrestaShop/PrestaShop/blob/develop/classes/controller/FrontController.php) & [`Controller`](https://github.com/PrestaShop/PrestaShop/blob/develop/classes/controller/Controller.php).
```

`develop` is the next major (v8), maybe it would be better to link these URLs to this branch? :)

Reviewer 2: But develop will move 😅  so in future maybe these links will break.

The best would be to have a 8.0.0 tag but it's not there yet 🤷

Reviewer: @matks you're absolutely right, maybe we should create it? ;)

Reviewer 2: But we cant, a tag has to be linked to a release version :(

Reviewer: Right, I thought we could force the commit related to the tag later on, but other things block us.

In that case, I'm not sure what would be the best way 🤔 it seems that linking to 1.7.8.x branch is the safest option? (although we can expect to see this kind of PR in the future, again)

Reviewer 2: Maybe we have to use 1.7.8.x for now and, when we release 1.7.8.0, we change it.

Reviewer 3: If it's valid for 1.7.8.x no need to wait for 8.0, and the PR needs to be backported in the 1.7 doc :thinking:
